missing symbol ' fixed (#28296)
python/cpython: Doc/library/venv.rst

                                                         'more target '
                                                         'directories.')
            parser.add_argument('dirs', metavar='ENV_DIR', nargs='+',

>                                 help='A directory in which to create the'

Reviewer: This won't work, because the 'the' and 'virtual' won't have a space between them in the resulting string. Put a space in the string either after 'the' or before the 'virtual'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                                help='A directory in which to create the '
```
